one of the subjects I love photographing
the most are stars and constellations
and the results can be truly dramatic to
get the best result shooting star
escapes you'll need to travel as far
away as possible from cities and any
sources of light pollution that might
interfere with your photograph wherever
you go check out your location in the
daytime it helps to identify your
camera's position plan your composition
and decide on the elements of the
landscape that you want to incorporate
into your shot it's easier this way than
struggling to see in the dark all you
need is a good camera like this 6d a
tripod a cable release and
fingers-crossed
a great night sky back here at night
things take on a totally different
complexion as I hoped a tree the
foreground will add a lovely element to
a beautiful Stars game firstly switch to
live view and manually focus the lens on
the brightest object in the sky a planet
or a bright star use a wide aperture
like f 2.8 because the night sky is
moving keep in mind how focal length and
exposure times interact for this 24 mil
lens I've set mine to 25 seconds
generally longer lenses will exaggerate
any star trails so you should use a
shorter shutter speed and a higher ISO
to compensate set your ISO to 1600 or
even 3200 a high ISO will reveal things
you can't see with your eyes switch off
any in-camera noise reduction you can
always apply this later whilst
processing your raw image as you can see
the clouds are starting to come in on
this shot and are obscuring some of the
stars so sometimes you need to go back
another time to get the shot you want
this image shows what you can achieve
with a bit of luck planning and practice